<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets">
    <h:head>
        <title>Top Jobs FAQ's</title>
        <link rel="stylesheet" href="css/style.css"/>
        <style>
             
              body{
                  background-image: url("images/icons/faqs.jpg");
                  background-size: cover;
              }
              body {margin:0;}

div.polaroid{
    margin: auto; 
    padding: 1px 16px; 
    height: 500px;
    
}
        </style>
        
    </h:head>
    <h:body>
        <h:form>
        <ui:include src="header.xhtml"></ui:include>
            <h:form>
        <table  border="2" cellpadding="2" cellspacing="2">
            <p><h2>&nbsp;&nbsp; Q:  What is Top Jobs?<br/></h2></p>
            <p style="font-size: 14pt">
                &nbsp;&nbsp; <b>A:</b>  Top Jobs has a web-site that is updated with vacancy details for jobs.<br/>
            </p>
               
            <p><h2>&nbsp;&nbsp; Q:  What are the categories where a seeker can a find a job?<br/></h2></p>
            <p style="font-size: 14pt">
                &nbsp;&nbsp; <b>A:</b> One can find job according to city, skill, company and category.<br/>
            </p>
            
            <p><h2>&nbsp;&nbsp; Q: Who can apply for the vacancy available?<br/></h2></p>
            <p style="font-size: 14pt">
                &nbsp;&nbsp; <b>A:</b>  Anyone can apply, a fresher or a experienced. <br/>
            </p>
               
            <p><h2>&nbsp;&nbsp; Q:  How do I apply for a job?<br/></h2></p>
            <p style="font-size: 14pt">  
                &nbsp;&nbsp; <b>A:</b>   Please visit our Current Job Postings page. From there, select a position of interest and click on the “Apply Online” link at the bottom of the 
                page. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; This will begin the online job application process. You may want to have details of your past employment and education on hand to
                refer to during &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; this process.<br/>
            </p>
       
            <p><h2>&nbsp;&nbsp; Q:  How long is my application active?<br/></h2></p>
            <p style="font-size: 14pt">
                &nbsp;&nbsp; <b>A:</b>  Your application remains active indefinitely, but you must apply for each position separately.<br/>
            </p>
            
            <p><h2>&nbsp;&nbsp; Q:  Is there a closing date for jobs posted?<br/></h2></p>
            <p style="font-size: 14pt">
                &nbsp;&nbsp; <b>A:</b>  Yes. Job postings close after two weeks. However, if additional qualified applicants are needed, the closing date may be extended.<br/>
            </p>
            
        </table>
            <br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/>
            </h:form>
            <ui:include src="footer.xhtml"></ui:include>
    </h:form>
         </h:body>
</html>

